Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chavs. We're joined now via Skype by Dr. and evangelist, Alveda King, who is the niece of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Alveda.
Alveda, welcome to the program. How are you today?
I am so glad to join you and your listeners.
and it's just I'm okay I'm doing well.
As the daughter of Reverend A.D. King and the niece of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and their dad,
With my granddaddy Martin Luther King Sr.
I have jumped into 2021 determined.
To have more faith,
More hope and more love. So that's how I'm doing. I'm trying to walk in faith, hope, and love.
Well, we love that you are also helping out priests for life, and you are the pastoral assistant for the civil rights of the unborn,
And as a pro-life activist, you have a lot of access to the Donald Trump White House. We saw you there on several occasions. How is your new relationship with the Biden administration?
the biden administration.
I do for the Biden administration what I have done for every presidential.
administration probably for about 50 years. I have traveled to the White House
For every administration during my adult life,
Even in an advisory capacity or with members of my family, or I've been a presidential appointee by President Bush,
And vice George W. Bush and President Trump. I went to see the Obama president and firstly, Obama with my family. So I was an educator.
Education advisor to the Clinton administration, I was a state legislator during the time that the Martin Luther King holiday passed.
So I was there when that bill was signed by President Reagan. so I've been in and out of the White House for many, many years.
I am a friend of President Donald John Trump.
and i miss him of course in the white house. i believe he did a great job.
Well, we're aware that the pro-life and pro-religious freedom policies of Trump have now changed, and we're not going to get into that. what I really want to promote now is, you know,
is your book. You've written a book. It's an older book, but we want to remind people about the Arab Heart novel that
Dot Com is the website where you can find this book about the Arab heart. I'm not sure what the message is here. What was what is that novel about?
Well, I met Eddie Murphy in Mayor Andrew Young's office.
in the nineteen eighties and i told him about my book my manuscript i took my manuscript with him for him.
And I was talking about
This Arab print.
who came to America
and his family wanted him to marry an arab princess and he wanted to be his own man so he says yes i will go to america and i will choose my own brother.
Elbride. And he, of course, did that in the book.
Giraffe
Who's saying IQ Riyadh is the prince in the Arab heart?
In the movie Coming to America, I keyed
is the prince from Africa and I remember saying to Eddie Murphy I said you know it would have been an African prince but there were over 30 concrete similarities
narratives from my book to the movie.
And when you get the book, you can see the similarity. You'll be amazed.
and the copyright laws of America were changed.
on the basis of my complaint that there was copyright infringement. And one of the justices said, well, there's no new thing under the sun.
And so because Eddie Murphy
portrayed it as a comedy.
And I wrote it as drama.
I had proof of copyright, proof of access, he had it.
And civilarities, but the laws were changed.
So I tell people I'm not bitter, I'm not upset, I'm glad I contributed actually. And in the new movie,
there's a little pro-life twist to it. i won't tell you if you haven't seen it but there was a one night stand and the baby was not aborted and so i enjoyed that fact.
well eddie murphy is a legendary comic and the new movie coming to america two may also have similarities because ah your arab heart novel.
novel was about an Arab prince who came to America and chose a bride, etc., etc. So we're grateful to you, Dr. Alveda King, for your contribution.
Where can people find this novel? Where can they buy a copy of the original dramatic version and read it for themselves?
You can get an autographed copy from me
And...
TheArabHeartNovel.com. It's also an e-book form on Amazon, I think.
Fantastic. And we support your ministry and we encourage people to sign up for her email alerts. You can google L V to King. She's everywhere. God bless you, ma'am.
And can I say a quick prayer for you? Thank you.
Please do. and that's at civil rights for the unborn.
dot org where I am a pastoral associate with priest for life civil rights for the unborn dot org you can find me there yes please pray and I'll agree that God will bless
God bless you also. Go ahead, please. All right, let us pray.
Father in heaven, we pray for your victory for the rights of the unborn that they would
through elvida's prophetic voice.
Be rescued from the abortion holocaust that we all stand against.
Father, we pray for the success of her ministry and her evangelistic ministry as she brings people to faith in Jesus Christ. We pray this blessing now.
now on your prophet for these times in Jesus' name.
Amen. Thank you, ma'am.
Amen. Thank you.
Hello everyone, I'm Mike Lindell and I want to tell everyone to get behind Dr. Chapp's ministry here in his program and you can do that by using going to MikeVilla.com/Ministry.
I'm using the promo code PRAYNEWS, and you're going to save up to 66% on all my products, but more importantly, 66% on all my products.
A lot of that money is going to go back to support Dr. Schaaf's and this programming. And I just can't tell you enough to get people to Jesus.
Jesus is so important. And to have ministries like this is just absolutely amazing. And as you know, my passion is to help each and every one of you get the best
The best sleep of your life. That's why I created my new Giza Dreams Bedsheets. I started by using the world's best cotton called Giza. It's only grown in a region between the 70s.
the Sahara Desert, the Mediterranean Sea, and the Nile River. It's ultra soft and breathable, but extremely durable. My Giza sheets also include full torque.
Oh, 21-inch wide pillowcases that will fit over any pillow and deep pocket sheets that will fit over any mattress. The first night you sleep on my sheets, you'll never want to sleep on it.
on anything else. Go to MyPillow.com or call the number on your screen right now to get your very own MyPillow Giza Dream Sheets. Giza Dream Sheets are available
Available in a variety of colors. Use your promo code and for a limited time when you buy one set of sheets, you'll get another set absolutely free. For the best night's sleep.
Sleep in the whole wide world. Visit my pillow.com.